Package WebFS::FileCopy version 1.04

This is the WebFS::FileCopy package.  This module provides subroutines
for the getting, putting, copying, moving and deleting of files
located by URIs.  It also supports listing directories identified by
URI.  Currently, files for getting can use any URI protocol, such as
file, FTP, HTTP, etc.  For putting, only the file and FTP protocols
are currently supported.

Notable features:

   * Uses LWPng for simultaneous file transfers.

   * Get the contents of multiple URIs simultaneously.

   * Put content into multiple URIs simultaneously.

   * Copy multiple files located by URIs to multiple locations
     simultaneously.

   * Delete a file located by a URI.

   * Move a file located from located at one URI to another location.

   * List the contents of a URI directory.

WARNINGS AND LWPng PATCHES

This package is based on Gisle Aas's LWPng-alpha module, which is
still alpha code.  Because the LWPng interface may change in the
future, this module may break if LWPng is updated in the future
without updating WebFS::FileCopy.

There are two available patches to LWPng in the patches subdirectory:

  1) patches/LWPng-0.24-patch-1

     The first guesses the content type and try to determine if a file
     to be read from disk should be read in binary or text mode.  Go
     into binary mode unless the content type is some form of text.
     This is really only useful in Win32 platforms.

  2) patches/LWPng-0.24-patch-2

     With at least Perl version 5.6.0, you will need to apply the
     following patch to LWPng to prevent a 'Prototype mismatch: sub
     IO::Handle::blocking ($;$) vs none at ../lib/LWP/Conn/_Connect.pm
     line 43' warning.

REQUIREMENTS

   * Perl 5.004_04 or greater.

   * LWPng-alpha 0.24 or greater.

   * URI 1.09 or greater.

   * Net::FTP 2.56 or greater.

SUPPORTED PLATFORMS

I have built and tested the WebFS::FileCopy package on both Solaris
and Windows NT machines.

AVAILABILITY

The latest released version of this package is available for download
from a CPAN (Comprehensive Perl Archive Network) archive near you in

    http://www.perl.com/CPAN/authors/id/B/BZ/BZAJAC/

The latest beta version of this package is hosted in a Subversion
repository located at

    http://www.orcaware.com/svn/repos/perl_webfs_filecopy/trunk/

Subversion is an open-source source code management system designed to
replace CVS.  To get Subversion, see

    http://subversion.tigris.org/

and for an overview of Subversion, see

    http://www.orcaware.com/svn/Subversion-Blair_Zajac.ppt

INSTALLATION

In order to use this package you will need Perl version 5.004_04 or
better.

You will need a LWPng-alpha version 0.24 or greater.  Versions older
than this one will not work with WebFS::FileCopy.  Get LWPng-alpha
from CPAN as CPAN/authors/id/G/GA/GAAS/LWPng-alpha-?.??.tar.gz.

If you do not have Net::FTP installed, use CPAN to install Net::FTP.

If you want to install a private copy of this package in some other
directory, then you should try to produce the initial Makefile with
something like this command:

    perl Makefile.PL LIB=~/perl

DOCUMENTATION

See the CHANGES file for a list of recent changes.  POD style
documentation is included in all modules and scripts.  These are
normally converted to manual pages end installed as part of the "make
install" process.  You should also be able to use the 'perldoc'
utility to extract documentation from the module files directly.

AUTHOR, COMMENTS AND BUGS

I welcome all comments and bug reports.  Please email them to Blair
Zajac <blair@orcaware.com>.

COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 1998-2005 Blair Zajac.  All rights reserved.  This
package is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.
